Add data samples and requirements to Accessibility features (#417)
MobilityData/gtfs.org: docs/getting_started/features/accesibility.md

> Wheelchair accessibility fields make it possible to indicate if a stop and vehicle can accommodate users using wheelchairs, allowing them to plan their trips based on the most convenient option for their needs.

Reviewer: I suggest adding "If you are showing wheelchair accessibility information, it is important to differentiate between "no access" and "no information", as knowing a stop is not accessible is as important as knowing it is.

> **Pre-requirements**: Implement Base features, if provding wheelchair accesibility for station entrances and exits Location Types features is also required.

Reviewer: This sentence isn't super easy to understand, do we need to specify "if provding wheelchair accesibility..." since we're already inside "wheelchair accessibility"?
Also, there is a small typo to acces**s**ibility.

Reccomendation
**Pre-requirements**: 
- Base features (with the link to it)
- Location Types (with the link to it)

Author: I adjusted the format to match with your suggestion but kept the note as "(if providing information for station entrances and/or exits)

| Files included                   | Fields included   |
|----------------------------------|-------------------|
|[stops.txt](/documentation/schedule/reference/#stopstxt)|`wheelchair_boarding` |
|[trips.txt](/documentation/schedule/reference/#tripstxt)|`wheelchair_accessible`|

> ??? note "Sample Data"

Reviewer: Need a line break

```suggestion
??? note "Sample Data"

```

    <p style="font-size:16px">

>     The following tables indicate that in stop `TAS001` some vehicles can be boarded by a rider in a wheelchair `wheelchair_boarding=1` in `stops.txt` while using `trips.txt` it is specified that the vehicle providing service for trip `AWE1` can accommodate at least one rider in a wheelchair, while the vehicle used for trip `AWE2` cannot. 

Reviewer: This is a bit of a long sentence, there might be a better way to explain that both the trip and the stop need to be wheelchair accessible. 

Here is an alternative suggestion:

```suggestion
    The following sample shows wheelchair boarding is available at stop `TAS001` with  `wheelchair_boarding=1`.
The vehicle used in trip `AWE1` is equipped to accommodate at least one wheelchair, and the vehicle used in trip `AWE2` is not.
Both the stop and trip must be wheelchair accessible for a passenger to be able to access a trip at the given stop.

    </p>
    !!! note ""
        <p style="font-size:16px">
        <a href="/documentation/schedule/reference/#stopstxt"><b>stops.txt</b></a> <br>
        </p>

        | stop_id | stop_name  | stop_lat    | stop_lon   | wheelchair_boarding |
        |---------|------------|-------------|------------|---------------------|
        | TAS001  | 5 Av/53 St | 45.5035680  | -73.587079 |                   1 |

    !!! note ""
        <p style="font-size:16px">
        <a href="/documentation/schedule/reference/#tripstxt"><b>trips.txt</b></a> <br>
        </p>

        | route_id | service_id | trip_id | wheelchair_accessible |
        |----------|------------|---------|-----------------------|
        | RA       | WE         | AWE1    |                     1 |
        | RA       | WE         | AWE2    |                     2 |

## Text-to-speech

Text-to-speech allows to provide the necessary inputs to convert text into audio, ensures that riders using assistive technology to read text aloud are getting the right stop names when using the transit service.

> **Pre-requirements**: Implement Base features.

Reviewer: I recommend to simply have "Base features" with a link to it and have "Pre-requirement" without the "s" when there is only one.

| Files included                   | Fields included   |
|----------------------------------|-------------------|
|[stops.txt](/documentation/schedule/reference/#stopstxt)|`tts_stop_name` |

> ??? note "Sample Data"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
??? note "Sample Data"

```

    <p style="font-size:16px">
    The following table provides a readable version of the stop name, allowing text-to-speech tools to read the name aloud.
    </p>
    !!! note ""
        <p style="font-size:16px">
        <a href="/documentation/schedule/reference/#stopstxt"><b>stops.txt</b></a> <br>
        </p>

        | stop_id | stop_name  | stop_lat    | stop_lon   | tts_stop_name            |
        |---------|------------|-------------|------------|--------------------------|
        | TAS001  | 5 Av/53 St | 45.5035680  | -73.587079 | 5th avenue and 53 street |

## Route Colors

Using route colors allows to accurately depict and communicate the color scheme assigned to specific routes by the agency’s design guidelines, this enables users to easily identify transit services by their official color.

**Pre-requirements**: Implement Base features.

| Files included                   | Fields included   |
|----------------------------------|-------------------|
|[routes.txt](/documentation/schedule/reference/#routestxt)|`route_color`, `route_text_color` |

??? note "Sample Data"
    <p style="font-size:16px">

>     The following table assigns an orange color to route RA using the HEX color code D95700, while also specifying that text should be rendered black.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The following sample assigns an orange color to route RA using the HEX color code `D95700`, while also specifying that text should be rendered black using HEX color code `0`.

    </p>
    !!! note ""
        <p style="font-size:16px">
        <a href="/documentation/schedule/reference/#routestxt"><b>routes.txt</b></a> <br>
        </p>

        | route_id | agency_id | route_short_name | route_long_name    | route_type | route_color | route_text_color |
        |----------|-----------|------------------|--------------------|------------|-------------|------------------|
        | RA       | agency001 |               17 | Mission - Downtown |          3 | D95700      |                0 |

## Bike Allowed

Specifying bike allowance allows to indicate if vehicles serving specific trips are able to accommodate bicycles or not, helping users to plan and access services that enable them to make multimodal trips.

**Pre-requirements**: Implement Base features.

| Files included                   | Fields included   |
|----------------------------------|-------------------|
|[trips.txt](/documentation/schedule/reference/#tripstxt)|`bikes_allowed` |

??? note "Sample Data"
    <p style="font-size:16px">

>     The following table specifies that the vehicle used in trip `AWE1` is able to accommodate at least one bicycle on board, while also specifying that bicycles cannot be accommodated in the vehicle used for trip `AWE2`.

Reviewer: I am probably missing nuances of what "while" means in English here, but for me it implies a duration (it could be replaced by "during this time,). Also, having the first portion of the sentence with "the vehicle" as a subject and the second part with "the bike" as the subject can imply these are two different things.

Reviewer: Here is a suggestion to make this sentence simpler:
```suggestion
 The following sample specifies that the vehicle used in trip `AWE1` can accommodate at least one bicycle on board, and the vehicle used in trip `AWE2` cannot.
```

        | routes     | route_long_name | FR       | Mission - Centre ville                                | RA        |               |             |
        | routes     | route_desc      | ES       | La ruta "A" viaja desde Lower Mission hasta el centro | RA        |               |             |
        | routes     | route_desc      | FR       | La route « A » relie Lower Mission au centre-ville.   | RA        |               |             |

## Headsigns

Headsigns allows to communicate the signage used by vehicles indicating the trip’s destination, making it easier for users to identify the correct transit service. This feature supports headsign changes along a specific route.

**Pre-requirements**: Implement Base features.

| Files included                   | Fields included   |
|----------------------------------|-------------------|
|[trips.txt](/documentation/schedule/reference/#tripstxt)|`trip_headsign` |
|[stop_times.txt](/documentation/schedule/reference/#stop_timestxt)|`stop_headsign`|

??? note "Sample Data"
    <p style="font-size:16px">

>     The first table specify the headsigns to be used by trips `AWE1` and `AWE2`, while the second one indicates that `AWE1`’s headsign will be modified after stop `TAS004` overriding the one specified in `trips.txt`.

Reviewer: Same comment for using "while"
